docs: add obsolete note to README.adoc (#16)
fontist/vista-fonts-installer: README.adoc

[NOTE]
====
:bangbang: This repository is *obsolete* and no longer actively maintained.

If you want to install the **Microsoft Vista Fonts**, we recommend using the `fontist` gem, which automates the installation of these fonts.

> 

Reviewer: Can we point people to the official fontist website at https://fontist.org ? Thanks.

Author: Done below https://github.com/fontist/vista-fonts-installer/pull/16/files#diff-1194561cbea346acb1bea37d81fdf5c70def982dcbb0c64eca2a96bc51941124R23

You can install the fonts by following the steps below:

. Install `fontist` gem by running:
+
[source, bash]
----
gem install fontist
----

. Use `fontist` to install the Constantia font from Microsoft Vista fonts collection:
+
[source, bash]
----
fontist install Constantia
----

> For more information about the `fontist` gem, please visit the official repository at https://github.com/fontist/fontist.

Author: ```suggestion
For more information about the `fontist` gem, please visit the official site at https://fontist.org/ .
```
